Include more links in README, fixes #25 (#28)
nixpkgs-architecture/packages-modules: README.md

# [Package Modules Working Group][wg-github]

This working group is there to investigate the possibility of using something
like the [NixOS module system][module-system] for Nixpkgs packages. See the
[discourse post][discourse-thread] for more info.

All working group members have access to [this repository][wg-github]. The
end goal is to have an [RFC](./rfc.md) developed that can be proposed. Using
[issues][wg-issues] and [pull requests][wg-pulls] to achieve that is encouraged.

## Meetings

We meet **weekly, every Friday at 13:00 UTC** in [this Jitsi][wg-jitsi].

> Notes are written live in [this pad][wg-pad] during meetings, and collected
> below afterwards. Presentations are streamed via YouTube, with recordings available on
> [Youtube: @nixpkgs-architecture][yt-nixpkgs-architecture].
> 
> ### Past Meetings
> 
> Notes and/or recordings of past meetings, in reverse chronological order: 
> 
> - [2023-06-16: drv-parts presentation (YouTube)][yt-drv-parts]
> - [2023-06-09](./meetings/2023-06-09.md)
> - [2023-06-02](./meetings/2023-06-02.md)
> - [2023-05-26](./meetings/2023-05-26.md)
> - [2023-05-19](./meetings/2023-05-19.md)
> - [2023-05-12](./meetings/2023-05-12.md)
> - [2023-05-05](./meetings/2023-05-05.md)
> - [2023-04-28](./meetings/2023-04-28.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes are written live in [this pad][wg-pad] during meetings, and committed to the [./meetings](./meetings) folder afterwards.
Occasional presentations are streamed and recorded to [this YouTube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHG2N-mfvWT48ZGoUC5W6OMMdln0IsNrq) on the Nixpkgs Architecture Team channel.
```

Let's avoid having to update the meeting notes in multiple places.

I also created a playlist for such presentations.

## Milestones

- 1. [ ] Document and understand the [problems](./problems/) and use cases
- 2. [ ] Document and understand potential solution mechanisms
- 3. [ ] Evaluate and compare each mechanism and their feasibility
- 4. [ ] Develop proof-of-concept's for viable mechanisms
- 5. [ ] ...
- We reached agreement on this initial plan

[wg-github]: https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/pkgs-modules/
[wg-issues]: https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/pkgs-modules/issues
[wg-pulls]: https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/pkgs-modules/pulls
[wg-jitsi]: https://meet.jit.si/wg-pkgs-modules
[wg-pad]: https://pad.lassul.us/6k3p0UBvT-6z-w9Bsy_BIg#

> [yt-nixpkgs-architecture]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_BFweJOiukTHdKCr1P0kRQ
> [yt-drv-parts]: https://youtu.be/AsCvRZukX0E

Reviewer: Nitpick, but personally I'm not a big fan of this style of markdown because it makes it really hard to see where links point to from the markdown source. And it also easily leads to these links getting out of sync, e.g. with the above proposal, these two links aren't used anymore.

```suggestion
```
